Do not allow anyone to tell you that it cannot be done.  No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America.  - @POTUS
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D. C. Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D. C.  TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
TO ALL AMERICANSSo to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain... 
It is time to remember that... 
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!
#InaugurationDay #MAGA
We will bring back our jobs.  We will bring back our borders.  We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer.  From this moment on, its going to be #AmericaFirst
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. 
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. 
power from Washington, D. C.  and giving it back to you, the American People.  #InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another – but we are transferring... 
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A. M.  for the swearing-in.  THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D. C.  #Inauguration
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
#Inauguration2017
TONIGHT! With @realDonaldTrump, @TobyKeithMusic, and WORLD FAMOUS GRUCCI FIREWORKS at the Lincoln
Great Concert at 4:00 P. M.  today at Lincoln Memorial.  Enjoy!
On my way! #Inauguration2017
 EVENT NOTE The Wreath Laying Ceremony is not open to the public.  Watch LIVE on our website  
the American people.  I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D. C.  The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.. 
It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time! Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham. 
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service.  It was an honor to be with them tonight in D. C.  #Heroes 
Great seeing @TheLeeGreenwood  and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner! #GodBlessTheUSA
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized.  Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago.  Looking forward to Friday.  #Inauguration
.@TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D. C.  playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world.  Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past.  Little credibility!
Bayer AG has pledged to add U. S.  jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string...  @WSJ
to the U. S. , but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS.  Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts.  Came back because of me!
Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G. M. , Lockheed & others that jobs are coming back... 
Will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - Enjoy!
Thank you to @GolfDigest for this incredible feature! Golfer-in-Chief @RealDonaldTrump 
.@BetsyDeVos has the talent, commitment, and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise of opportunity. 
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U. S. !
How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It
thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in.... he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president.  Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, It will be the first one that I've missed.  WRONG or lie! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he... 
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing big stuff. 
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U. S.  even before taking office, with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... 
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls.  They are rigged just like before. 
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers.  Bikers for Trump are on their way.  It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
@drgoodspine: @realDonaldTrump @Ivanka Trump is great, a woman with real character and class. 
At 9:00 P. M.  @CNN, of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka.  Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
@levisteveholt: @realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency.  Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for.  Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria red line, Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes.  Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
.@FoxNews Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat.  Does not fully understand.  Oh really, couldn't do... 
.@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC.  Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job.  Really bad television!
about that... Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, & when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE.  Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, That is a garbage document... it never should have been presented... Trump's right to be upset angry... 
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting.  Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep.  IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher.  Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again.  WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me.  With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number.. 
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected.  January 20th, Washington D. C.  Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U. S.  I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS A COMPLETE FRAUD!  @OANN
mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results.  All talk, talk, talk - no action or results.  Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart not to...... 
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald.  Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. 
The Unaffordable Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell.  They were VERY nice to her.  She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F. B. I.  Based on the information they had she should never..... 
released by Intelligence even knowing there is no proof, and never will be.  My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists.  Probably... 
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued.... 
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job.  I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to #RepealObamacare- now it's onto the House! – at Trump Tower
.@CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L. L. Bean for your great support and courage.  People will support you even more now.  Buy L. L. Bean.  @LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated.  Made up, phony facts. Too bad!
@zhu_amy3: @realDonaldTrump It's Morning in America again!!!  Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!! THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today.  A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public.  One last shot at me. Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great movement is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS.  A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me.  I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE.  Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims' #FakeNews
I have never been to Prague in my life.  #fakenews
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr.  High Small business optimism soars after Trump election
U. S.  Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect & serve our communities 24/7/365! 
#LawEnforcementAppreciationDay An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U. S.  instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico.  Thank you Ford & Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs.  This after... 
groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad.  Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big.  For the 100th time, I never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him....... 
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes.  She is a..... 
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly.  Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to @NBCNews.  So serious!
Watch our interview with @KellyannePolls: Russia did not succeed in attempts to sway election 
Kellyanne Conway went to @MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd.  Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes.  Terrible!
@FoxNews: We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe 
@KellyannePolls: Welcome to President and Mrs.  Bush.   I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring.  Britain, a longtime U. S.  ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair.  Jane is a loyal Trump supporter & star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one.  When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and.... 
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing.  Only stupid people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We..... 
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results.  Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place. The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday @EricTrump!Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida.  Just spoke to Governor Scott.  Thoughts and prayers for all.  Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it. 
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast & Steven Newhouse, a friend.  Will go this AM. 
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14.  Now compare him to my season 1.  But who cares, he supported Kasich & Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got swamped or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT.  So much for.... 
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D. C.  on January 20th.  It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute. THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters.  They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the...... 
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall for sake of speed, will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia...... 
How did NBC get an exclusive look into the top secret report he Obama was presented? Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U. S.  NO WAY! Build plant in U. S.  or pay big border tax. 
to make up their own minds as to the truth.  The media lies to make it look like I am against Intelligence when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong.  I simply state what he states, it is for the people.... 
... time for Republicans & Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & FAR BETTER!
... do the typical political thing and BLAME.  The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning. Keep you doctor, keep your plan! It is.... 
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in.  Instead of working to fix it, they.. 
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance. Some people just don't understand the Movement
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess.  It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona.  Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless.  Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web... 
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases...... 
things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to H.  A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass. 
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have hacking defense like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible...... 
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U. S.  This is just the beginning - much more to follow
@FoxNews: Julian Assange on U. S.  media coverage: “Its very dishonest. ” #Hannity 
Julian Assange said a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The Intelligence briefing on so-called Russian hacking was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case.  Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N. Y. C.  Thank you. 
Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America
There should be no further releases from Gitmo.  These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. 
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION & JOB CREATION.@DanScavino: Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies
........ may be, their number one act and priority.  Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #DTS
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor. of Minnesota said The Affordable Care Act ObamaCare is no longer affordable! - And, it is lousy healthcare. 
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases Arizona.  Bill Clinton called it CRAZY
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U. S.  car dealers-tax free across border.  Make in U. S. A. or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U. S.  in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea.  Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U. S.  It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 306.  When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I. 
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election.  Wrong, it all came together in the last week and..... 
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016.  If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins.  We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
2016 has been one of the most eventful and exciting years of my life.  I wish you peace, joy, love and laughter.  Happy New Year! #NYE
2016 was such an incredible year for our entire family! My beautiful wife @LaraLeaTrump made it even better! 
Happy New Year + God's blessings to you all.   Looking forward to incredible things in 2017!  @realDonaldTrump will Make America Great Again!
On behalf of our next #POTUS & @TeamTrump-#HappyNewYear AMERICA
TO ALL AMERICANS-
#HappyNewYear & many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA
Happy Birthday @DonaldJTrumpJr!Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do.  Love!
Russians are playing @CNN and @NBCNews for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue! @FoxNews totally gets it!
Join @AmerIcan32, founded by Hall of Fame legend @JimBrownNFL32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D. C. Great move on delay by V.  Putin - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope'
not anymore.  The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this U. N. ! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect.  They used to have a great friend in the U. S. , but....... 
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks. Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U. S.  Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113. 7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard and personally in the very important swing states, and lost. The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses.  100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope.  Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time.  So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me.  He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc. 
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
#MerryChristmas
Happy #Hanukkah
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace. Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
.@NBCNews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes.   Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: In my opinion, it is humiliating.  One must be able to lose with dignity.   So true!
slaughter you.  This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality.  Such hatred! When will the U. S. , and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will...... 
As to the U. N. , things will be different after Jan.  20th. 
my presidency.  Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop.  Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with... 
The so-called A list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING.  I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase DRAIN THE SWAMP was no longer being used by me.  Actually, we will always be trying to DTS. 
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed.... cont: 
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing.  Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote.  Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting.  We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states  and more.  They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election.  Wrong, he called me with a very nice congratulations.  He doesn't know much ... 
@mike_pence: Congratulations to @RealDonaldTrump; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!
@Franklin_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect @realDonaldTrump--the electoral votes are in and it's official.  Thank you Franklin!
#TrumpTrain
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media. 
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse.  The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned & called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back. - let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be #AmericaFirst.  Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: #MadeInTheUSA!
Join President-elect Trump LIVE from Mobile, Alabama via his #Facebook page! #ThankYouTour2016 
Watch: 
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act. 
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P. M.  Last rally of the year - THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
@EazyMF_E: @realDonaldTrump Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Thank you!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P. M.  I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida.  My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! #ICYMI- Watch: 
#ThankYouTour2016 Tonight- Orlando, Florida 
Tickets: Tomorrow- Mobile, Alabama
Tickets: 
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the MOVEMENT fans will go to D. C.  on Jan 20th for the swearing in.  Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here: 
#ThankYouTour2016
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat.  at 3pm! #ThankYouTour2016 
Tickets: 
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me Person of the Year - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @VanityFair Magazine.  Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
.@BillGates and @JimBrownNFL32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys!
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch: 
Join #PEOTUS Trump & #VPEOTUS Pence live in West Allis, Wisconsin! 
#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGAJoin me this Saturday at Ladd–Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! 
#ThankYouTour2016 Tickets: 
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments. 
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states.  I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State. 
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest.  Busy times!
Presidency.  Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them.  No new deals will be done during my terms in office. 
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the...... 
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning. 
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes.  The Dems and Green Party can now rest.  Scam!
#ThankYouTour2016 Tue: West Allis, WI.  Thur: Hershey, PA.  Fri: Orlando, FL.  Sat: Mobile, AL.  Tickets: 
The F-35 program and cost is out of control.  Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after January 20th. 
Unless you catch hackers in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking.  Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card.  It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched @NBCNightlyNews - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point.  Just can't get much worse, although @CNN is right up there!
Will be interviewed on @FoxNews at 10:00 P. M.  Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for State- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman & CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker.  Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U. S. Senate.  The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic.  There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium.  A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 Eastern Network.  ENJOY!
Sunday-- our exclusive interview with President-elect @realDonaldTrump 
Watch on @FoxNews at 2p/10p ET 
Check your local listings. 
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace @FoxNewsSunday!
Counting down the days until the swearing in of @realDonaldTrump & @mike_pence.  Check in here for the latest updates.  #myfirstTweet #MAGA
A very interesting read.  Unfortunately, so much is true. 
Reports by @CNN that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous & untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today.  Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B & have a big stake in it.  Will devote ZERO TIME!
.@RudyGiuliani, one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N. Y. C. , just took himself out of consideration for State. 
Thank you Michigan.  We are going to bring back your jobs & together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch: 
Thank you Louisiana! Get out & vote for John Kennedy tomorrow.  Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behalf of the people. 
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls & send John Kennedy to the U. S.  Senate.  
THANK YOU IOWA!
#ThankYouTour2016
Join me tomorrow! #MAGA 
10am- Baton Rouge, LA.  
Tickets: 
7pm- Grand Rapids, MI. 
Tickets: 
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with @mike_pence.  Join us! Tickets: 
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn.  He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers.  He will be missed. 
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana.  Spend more time working-less time talking.  Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers.  No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect @mike_pence - at 7:00pm!
#ThankYouTour2016 #MAGAWe pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago... I will be interviewed on the @TODAYshow at 7:30.  Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina.  Thank you! #ICYMI watch here: 
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you soon! #ThankYouTour2016
Masa said he would never do this had we Trump not won the election!
Masa SoftBank of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U. S.  toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs.... 
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! 
#ThankYouTour2016 
Tickets: 
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion.  Cancel order!
#ThankYouTour2016 12/6- North Carolina
12/8- Iowa
12/9- MichiganIf the press would cover me accurately & honorably, I would have far less reason to tweet.  Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr.  @RealBenCarson as our next Secretary of the US Dept.  of Housing and Urban Development: 
their country the U. S.  doesn't tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete, heavily tax our products going into.. 
.@FoxNews will be re-running Objectified: Donald Trump, the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P. M.  Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount.  Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged.  Please be forewarned prior to making a very ... 
wanting to sell their product, cars, A. C.  units etc. , back across the border.  This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but..... 
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ...... 
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U. S.   ...... 
The U. S.  is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse.  Sad
Our great VPE, @mike_pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate.  John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington. 
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana.  Early voting today; election next Saturday. 
@TigerWoods: Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys.  –TW #heroworldchallenge Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers.  This is happening all over our country.  No more!
Interesting how the U. S.  sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call. 
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency.  Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history – and now, the real work begins.  America will start winning again! #AmericaFirst
Heading to U. S.  Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally.  
Join me! Tickets: 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A. C. 
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States.  Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier.  They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class'
Great interview on @foxandfriends by @SteveDoocy w/ Carrier employee- who has a message for #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump & #VPEOTUS @mike_pence. 
'President-elect Donald J.  Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross & Todd Ricketts'Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm.  I am grateful for all of your support.  THANK YOU!
Tickets: 
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations.  The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses.. 
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to .... 
I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my ... 
ISIS is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at Ohio State University by a Somali refugee who should not have been in our country. 
Big day on Thursday for Indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state. We will keep our companies and jobs in the U. S.  Thanks Carrier
I will be going to Indiana on Thursday to make a major announcement concerning Carrier A. C.  staying in Indianapolis.  Great deal for workers!
'President-Elect Donald J.  Trump Nominates Elaine Chao as Secretary of the Department of Transportation''President-Elect Donald J.  Trump Intends to Nominate Congressman Tom Price and Seema Verma. 'Back to Cincinnati, Ohio this Thursday 12/1/16 at 7pm for #PEOTUS @realDonaldTrump's #ThankYouTour2016! Join us!My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires.  Stay safe!
Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag - if they do, there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!
I thought that @CNN would get better after they failed so badly in their support of Hillary Clinton however, since election, they are worse!
The Great State of Michigan was just certified as a Trump WIN giving all of our MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN supporters another victory - 306!
.@CNN is so embarrassed by their total  100% support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don't know what to do. 
@sdcritic:  @HighonHillcrest @jeffzeleny @CNN There is NO QUESTION THAT #voterfraud did take place, and in favor of #CorruptHillary !
@FiIibuster: @jeffzeleny Pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that Donald Trump did not suffer from voter fraud, shame! Bad reporter. 
@JoeBowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic CNN part time wannabe journalist !  @CNN still doesn't get it.  They will never learn!
@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN
Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed!
If Cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the Cuban people, the Cuban/American people and the U. S.  as a whole, I will terminate deal. 
Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California - so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias - big problem!
states instead of the 15 states that I visited.  I would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are forgotten!
It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4--
In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
Trump is going to be our President.  We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead.  So much time and money will be spent - same result! Sad
this election.  That is a direct threat to our democracy.  She then said, We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald --
of position.  Then, separately she stated, He said something truly horrifying ...  he refused to say that he would respect the results of --
during a general election.  I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --
and fair elections.  We've accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -
Hillary's debate answer on delay: That is horrifying.  That is not the way our democracy works.  Been around for 240 years.  We've had free --
Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in.  Nothing will change
The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted.  Not so anymore!
The Green Party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized Dems
Fidel Castro is dead!
I am working hard, even on Thanksgiving, trying to get Carrier A. C.  Company to stay in the U. S.  Indiana.  MAKING PROGRESS - Will know soon!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone.  We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead.  Happy Thanksgiving. 
Bus crash in Tennessee so sad & so terrible.  Condolences to all family members and loved ones.  These beautiful children will be remembered!
I am seriously considering Dr.  Ben Carson as the head of HUD.  I've gotten to know him well--he's a greatly talented person who loves people!
The meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today.  Look forward to it!
'Jeff Sessions, a Fitting Selection for Attorney General'
'President-elect Donald J.  Trump's CIA Director Garners Praise'Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. 
The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high.  I can fully understand that - but why announce?
Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes.  In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!
I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment.  Not nice
Many people would like to see @Nigel_Farage represent Great Britain as their Ambassador to the United States.  He would do a great job!
Prior to the election it was well known that I have interests in properties all over the world. Only the crooked media makes this a big deal!
.@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. 
I have always had a good relationship with Chuck Schumer.  He is far smarter than Harry R and has the ability to get things done.  Good news!
General James Mad Dog Mattis, who is being considered for Secretary of Defense, was very impressive yesterday.  A true General's General!
I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night.  It is a totally one-sided, biased show - nothing funny at all.  Equal time for us?
Numerous patriots will be coming to Bedminster today as I continue to fill out the various positions necessary to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior
The Theater must always be a safe and special place. The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence.  Apologize!
Our wonderful future V. P.  Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing. This should not happen!
The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U.  Too bad!
I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country. 
Will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President-elect Trump announces selections for Attorney General, National Security Advisor, CIA Director.  More here:
I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky.  I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!
Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky - no Mexico
My transition team, which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job, will be seeing many great candidates today.  #MAGA
Australia, New Zealand, and more.  I am always available to them.  @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. 
I have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said.  Russia, U. K. , China, Saudi Arabia, Japan,
The failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition.  It is going so smoothly.  Also, I have spoken to many foreign leaders. 
I am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children.  This was a typically false news story. 
Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions.  I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states, including the smaller ones, into play.  Campaigning is much different!
If the election were based on total popular vote I would have campaigned in  N. Y.  Florida and California and won even bigger and more easily
The debates, especially the second and third, plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies, plus OUR GREAT SUPPORTERS, gave us the win!
I will be interviewed on @60Minutes tonight after the NFL game - 7:00 P. M.  Enjoy!
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.  How dishonest are they.  I never said this!
Governor John Kasich of the GREAT, GREAT, GREAT State of Ohio called to congratulate me on the win.  The people of Ohio were incredible!
Jeb Bush, George W and George H. W.  all called to express their best wishes on the win.  Very nice!
Mitt Romney called to congratulate me on the win.  Very nice!
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.  I wonder if it will change - doubt it?
Wow, the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump phenomena
This will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL Americans.  We will unite and we will win, win, win!
Today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces.  #ThankAVet
Busy day planned in New York.  Will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government!
Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country.  We will all come together and be proud!
Just had a very open and successful presidential election.  Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting.  Very unfair!
A fantastic day in D. C.  Met with President Obama for first time.  Really good meeting, great chemistry.  Melania liked Mrs.  O a lot!
Happy 241st birthday to the U. S.  Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!!
Such a beautiful and important evening! The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again.  We will all come together as never before
Watching the returns at 9:45pm.  
#ElectionNight #MAGA
Such a surreal moment to vote for my father for President of the United States! Make your voice heard and vote! #Election2016 #MAGA #Voted
Join my family in this incredible movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!! Now it is up to you! Please #VOTE for America!
Still time to #VoteTrump! 
#iVoted #ElectionNight
Don't let up, keep getting out to vote - this election is FAR FROM OVER! We are doing well but there is much time left.  GO FLORIDA!
Just out according to @CNN: Utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country
I will be watching the election results from Trump Tower in Manhattan with my family and friends.  Very exciting!
#ElectionDay 
We need your vote.  Go to the POLLS! Let's continue this MOVEMENT! Find your poll location: 
VOTE TODAY! Go to 
TODAY WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Today we are going to win the great state of MICHIGAN and we are going to WIN back the White House! Thank you MI! 
.@IvankaTrump in Michigan: This is your movement 
Unbelievable evening in New Hampshire - THANK YOU! Flying to Grand Rapids, Michigan now.  
Watch NH rally here: 
Big news to share in New Hampshire tonight! Polls looking great! See you soon.  – at Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport AVP
Today in Florida, I pledged to stand with the people of Cuba and Venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont: 
Thank you Pennsylvania! Going to New Hampshire now and on to Michigan.  Watch PA rally here: 
The big vote tomorrow!
LIVE on #Periscope: Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania.  Get out & VOTE tomorrow.  LETS #MAGA!!
Hey Missouri let's defeat Crooked Hillary & @koster4missouri! Koster supports Obamacare & amnesty! Vote outsider Navy SEAL @EricGreitens!