In this tutorial you will be shown how to add your computer to a workgroup in Windows XP.
The menu system is slightly different in Windows Vista, but the principle is basically the same.
The menus should only be slightly different.
The first step is to right click My Computer and go to Properties
Next click on Computer Name and then click on Change
This should bring up a window with the computer name and the workgroup.
All you have to do is change the workgroup name.
Note: You will have to restart after doing this.
And that's it!
And that's it!
You're done!
Bring it on.
Usually when I write these posts I have at least some idea of where they will go.
With this one I have no idea whatsoever, but I still feel the need for expression through writing.
There is beauty in shame.
Truth in misery.
Clarity in pain.
In life things keep building and building until release, and when all the walls are torn down, everything is open and on the table.
With a house of cards you don't know what might happen.
You can build something up differently than was planned and things happen in unexpected and spontaneous ways, but destruction real destruction only goes one way.
Loss is only loss if you don't gain something, and it is only on those rare occasions that lead to losing more than you gain that we should truly weep.
This post is not a post, but is in fact a insert wonderful word used for emotional dump that I can't think of.
To some I may seem insane, and some may indeed be correct, however to quote Homer*; In a world gone mad, only a lunatic is truly insane.
*Simpson
You will never be so close to those who suffered greatly with you.
It is only when we are weakened that we let others in.
This may not be true and may only apply to me and the people like me insecure and highly jaded from being burned too many times and it may be many other things, but it's not false.
Tragedy has a way of bringing people together.
Sometimes I want to tear it all down just so I can have the excuse to cry on someone's shoulder sometimes I hope for things to fall apart for the sole reason that I can be on the inside facing the dark and scary outside world instead of continuing to be on the outside looking in.
Does having enough courage to admit your flaws make you a coward for not taking all opportunities to fix them?
Sometimes I want to put a bullet between the eyes of every panda who wouldn't screw to save its species -Chuck Palahniuk
Lonely people put up walls to protect themselves from who they believe threaten to hurt them while they sit on crowded buses next to people doing the same thing, all of them alone together, surrounded by friends but alone in their own minds.
People like me are those that search for what they have and do not believe happiness when it buys them lunch, and are always looking for the trap door, the catch, the knife they're going to stab me with as I turn away.
None of these fears are held logically, consciously, but the suspicion and borderline paranoia based on experience mind you, and at a young age toboot which makes all fears extreme remains, buzzing in the background like a warning alarm, wailing it's everlasting message that the people you are with will hurt you and you should find the right people, when you are in fact among friends.
Why do we feel alone in crowded rooms?
How can we?
When does it end?
If I could change one thing out of anything I would wish to have more control.
I want control because I know I'm capable of anything within reason that I want to do.
If I was in full control of myself, I would be able to say that I wanted to do something, and then do it, instead of doing something after a great deal of mental and emotional exertion to motivate myself to do it.
Deep down I know I have control of myself, but what I am realizing is that I don't have control of my motivation.
I can control what I do, but I can't control if I do it, at least not right now where I'm at.
I know that I can motivate myself, but when I try it doesn't happen.
Why is this?
What am I missing?
If self-motivation is something that can occur, why can I not do it?
I believe I can, yet it is not occuring, so either in fact I cannot, or my problem is something else.
If I can motivate myself, the problem might be that I am unfocused, and might combine with my lack of organizational skills.
My lack of focus might cause me to be distracted and then I would lose track of time and what I had to do.
This might contribute to my lack of success.
Another contributing factor might be that I am able to motivate myself, but logically am having a hard time either justifying myself or committing myself to a goal.
I might not believe in myself as much as I would like to believe, and fear of failure might prevent me from committing to a goal I'm afraid I might not succeed at achieving.
I might believe that I'm wasting my time and might doubt my own judgement in selection of a goal, or doubt the worth of achieving that goal.
Additionally, self-loathing and frustration are very strong contributing factors.
I know that things that I have failed at doing were not impossible, and this causes me to beat myself up about the fact that I could have done better.
Frustration comes from my lack of familiarity with upcoming challenges, which reminds me of my last failure, and causes me to think that I am not going to succeed.
I doubt myself because sometimes even when I believe that I'm going to succeed, I still fail.
I lose faith in my ability to evaluate the current situation.
Self-loathing is caused by the thought that I was assisted by so many, but achieved so little.
The knowledge that even though I was perfectly capable of succeeding and did not does not help boost my self-esteem and morale.
I wonder if there is something wrong with me that others have right and if there is something that I am unable to understand that others comprehend.
What I need to keep reminding myself of is that what I'm doing is difficult and that I'm not the first and will not be the last to find it to be challenging.
Many of the others that I know are in the same position that I am in, and in many cases they are worse off than me.
There is a solution to every problem and not all of the problems that I encounter are as bad as they might initially seem to be.
What I am trying to do is not impossible, and neither is succeeding at achieving my goals.
As an april fools day joke, xkcd.
com shows the Questionable Content homepage, questionablecontent.
net shows the dinosaur comics home page, and qwantz.
com shows the xkcd home page.
Well done, I thought a very clever collaboration.
I checked to see if other webcomics might be doing this too, and among other comics, checked vgcats.
com, and saw that nothing was different.
Later, a few minutes ago, I checked vgcats, and saw that it resembled CAD.
Sure, it's a very funny comic that makes fun of CAD, which I personally am not a fan of, but that's not the point, is it.
No, it's not
I tried to ignore Scott Ramsoomair's blatant imitation of Scott Johnson's 56 Geeks Poster, because I really like vgcats, and check it often.
I'm not saying that I didn't enjoy both imitations, I'm just saying that this reeks.
There are four main personalities that a person has:-Who others think they are Perceived External-Who they act like they are Actual External-Who they think they are Perceived Internal-Who they really are Actual Internal
For the sake of easy communication about these four main personalities that names have been assigned to them.
A main difference between any of these can cause problems.
Consider the following examples:
A difference between Perceived External and Actual External personalities means that the person is misunderstood.
A difference between the External personalities and the Internal personalities means that the person is acting differently than how they normally would act of their own accord; an example of this would be teens acting differently around their peers.
A difference between Perceived Internal and Actual Internal personalities means that the person is out of touch with themselves, and possibly in denial.
Some days ago an incident occurred between a student and a teacher that I witnessed.
The teacher was putting words into the student's mouth, and the student was becoming understandably upset by this.
When the student tried to interrupt to defend himself, the teacher cut him off, saying excuse me, I'm speaking.
The student tried again to interrupt, saying that what the teacher was saying wasn't true, and the teacher cut him off again, saying excuse me, be respectful to which the student replied that she the teacher was being disrespectful by putting words in his mouth.
She continued to speak, and he interrupted her again.
Even though she had followed him to the room that he was supposed to be in which was already was occupied by a teacher from a study that she was supposed to be watching, at this point she told him to go to the office.
He complied, but on his way out said what all of us watching were thinking, if not in so many words; the following is paraphrased, but is probably very close to what he actually said this is why I never liked you.
I also have a deep dislike for this teacher, and teachers like her, because they treat students like children.
Yes, it is true that I have left the details out regarding why the student was followed back to his room by the teacher in question, and yes, it is probably true that while the teacher was exaggerating the student's offense by putting words in his mouth, the student did break a rule, or perhaps more than one.
It is for this reason that adults would tell teens that if they wish to be treated like adults, they should act like adults.
This point of view, however, is intrinsically flawed.
If you wish us to treat you as adults, you too must act like adults.
You were so busy teaching us to look before we leap that you forgot that with this knowledge we had gained the ability to see that like us, you are imperfect.
Do not misunderstand me.
Well, you can if you like, but do not mistake my intention.
I am not saying that the student was not wrong.
What I am saying is that the teacher was also wrong.
A small person behind a big desk is still just a small person, and nothing more.
I care not about the potential punishment, unlikely though it might be, that might ensue from writing this, because I think that it's important that adults understand that while you were telling us to grow up, you made the mistake of showing us that you are not as perfect as you would have us believe.
Not all teachers and authority figures are like this.
In fact, there are those which easly spring to mind that are the direct polar opposite.
What I have a problem with is that while you would expect us to accept being treated in a manner suiting our actions while simultaneously expecting us to treat you with respect, regardless of your actions.
If you truly wish for us to become independent and functional members of society, I submit to you that you should set better examples than this.
Many of us are below many of you only because of the limitations placed upon us by the rules in the student handbook, a document that I do not recall ever agreeing to.
There was no contract that I signed or deal that I agreed to that ever in any way let you take away my rights, and as a legal adult I resent that you would believe as such.
The circumstances themselves are, while inconvenient, not unbearable, but it is the principle of the matter that irritates me.
If we are and we are forced to stand for the pledge of allegiance each morning and face the flag, should we not be entitled to the freedom which that flag represents?
I'm not saying that I necessarily want anything to fundamentally change about the student-teacher relationship and the rules and regulations surrounding the school experience, but what I am saying that what you are doing is taking our submission for granted.
The moment that you assume that we're going to let it slide is the moment that I become okay with letting your rules slide...and I'm one of the nice ones.
I'm sick of this place.
I've lived here for far too long.
Nothing against it, really, other than the fact that it's stale hence this post's title.
It's just gotten old; there's nothing here that I haven't seen a thousand times before.
I could draw a detailed sketch of pretty much every road in this town that's what being in a place your entire life does to you.
Every day, it's the same trees, the same streets, the same people.
I'm not saying that there is anything intrensically wrong with anything that I've listed, I'm just saying that I'm sick and tired of it, and want to get out of here as soon as I can.
It's like a meal that you can't finish because you've gotten sick of the flavor even if it was once delicious, there's a million other things that you would rather taste.
I'm sick of this place.
I've lived here for far too long.
The only thing that makes the United States anything close to united is the fact that it's all on the same landmass*.
We Americans live in a country so divided that we periodically measure, chart, and map our division every four years.
Some states are blue, and some are red.
Society is governed by what people see on television, and that is controlled by how many people are watching what.
The blue states have the same kinds of televisions that the red states have, and they all tune to the same things, but still this should not be considered a uniting factor.
*yes, I get that Hawaii and Alaska don't really count, but I meant mostly as a wholeThe people in America have stopped reading newspapers.
Most haven't read a newspaper in a long time.
Today most of us get our news from word of mouth, or television.
Relatively, very few people get their news from the Internet.
Any news we get is a production created by a relatively small amount of people.
If, at any point, all of these people are wrong all at once, the entire country is uninformed.
Still, this should not be considered a uniting factor.
Society is what we make it, not what those who would call us our leaders tell us how it has been made.
Celebrities in the business, media, and political industries of the United States should not have the power to dictate the opinions of those that they would consider to be their lowers.
Those of us beneath should not allow ourselves to see through the eyes of those above.
Why do people care about what celebrities think?
Why would people believe someone who they see on television if they've never met them face-to-face?
Why would people let themselves be manipulated to serve the needs of the capitalistic society that we have built?
I use the word we because it was all of us that built, and are building the United States of America.
We make America what it is.
What a lot of people don't realize is that there are people living in the blue and red states.
This nation is neither red nor blue, and its states should have no color but that of the entire United States, if we are so truly united, as we claim.
If we were truly united, we would not fear each other.
If we were truly united, we would be in harmony.
Unison has deserted us for a very long time.
We live not only in fear of our neighbors, but of our government.
No one wants to believe that this is true, but what of torture, lies, and deception?
What of wiretaps and secret prisons?
A war is going on in our name against a people that most of the people living in the United States know nothing about.
A fight is being waged to protect us against an enemy that we have never heard of, except from those who have lied to us so many times, and whom we still continue to want to trust, despite all evidence of the smart decision being taking action of the contrary.
Those in power claim to represent the people of the United States, but the random chosen citizen of the country can name more characters in their favorite television show, movie, or band than Supreme Court Justices.
The public school system of the United States is no longer based around learning; it is based around the number that corresponds with a student's name their GPA.
If a student's GPA is high enough, they will be able to attend college, if they are accepted, if they find a way to pay the college, if they get the chance at all.
High school drop-out rates are higher than any which have ever been recorded, and nothing has changed, except the barring of soft drinks from lunchrooms, which, shockingly, has not caused rapid correction of obesity in children, which is astounding, since how students could attain soft drinks from anywhere but their local public schools remains a mystery.
In a culture that promotes going along to get along, we are giving up our liberties to those that we have been told to trust, but who are apparently undeserving of such esteem.
We are at a war against a people that most of us know little to nothing about, for reasons twice as mysterious.
We are uneducated sheep who know only of money, or the lack thereof.
We are the people of the United States:  We are unhappy, but we are too divided to do anything about it, with liberty, and justice for all.
Let the generations that follow know that we gazed into the night sky with wonder.
Let it be known to them that we recognized our inadequacies and flaws, and beseech our children to forgive us our mistakes that they may avoid making such themselves.
Let all know of our desire for knowledge and our wish for a greater understanding in ways that we could not hope to achieve.
Let them know of our perseverance, dedication, and unbreakable force of will to have that which we cannot possess, know that which we cannot comprehend, and do what we cannot achieve.
Let those that succeed us know that we were the climbers of mountains and the scalers of walls.
We were not perfect, and could never hope to be, but frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
ARRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Spore will be released on March 3, 2008!
Awesome, now I have something else to look forward to!
I'm not sure if I'll have gotten even minutely tired of Halo 3 by a fraction by then, but I can't wait to play it!
I'm planning on getting the DS version so I can be obsessed with virtual life at as many locations as possible!
You can click the image above to read the full story, or you can click this link!
Click the badge to take the quiz yourself!
Alas, the accursed thing has started!
I am le busy!
Ahauhauhauhauh That was my version of a text-based French laugh.
No complaining:  It's the best thing I could come up with at 6:30am
I am soooo busy and here's why:School is 7:35am-2:23pmit takes until about 2:30pm until I'm homeWork is 4:00pm-7:00pm
Here's the deal though it takes 20 minutes to and from my work without any traffic, and 30 minutes if there is traffic.
I also have to get ready about 40 minutes before I get to work, and the same thing is true with school in that I give myself about 40 minutes to get ready, so here's the real schedule:
[6:20am-7:00am] Get ready for school[7:00am-7:10am] Drive to school[7:10am-7:35am] Downtime[7:35am-2:23pm] School[2:23pm-2:30pm] Drive home[2:30pm-3:00pm] Downtime[3:00pm-3:40pm] Get ready for work[3:40pm-4:00pm] Drive to work[4:00pm-7:00pm] Work[7:00pm-7:20pm] Drive home[7:20pm-7:50pm] Dinner[7:50pm-8:00pm] Chores[8:00pm-10:30pm] Downtime / Homework
So there you have it!
The only real amount of time I have on days that I work and have school to do things like blog is right now before school or at 8pm, and that's assuming that I don't have any homework!
Holy sheet!
Now, fortunately, I am investigating other employment options.
It may come to pass that I'll be working something like 5pm-10pm, which would mean that I would have time to get things done in between work and school, which would be nice.
Nothing is even close to being final though, so if you're my current employer and you're reading this highly unlikely though it is don't fret.
Yeah, the chances of that are somewhere between 0 and 1 in a million.
It is with a heavy heart that I bid a belated bitersweet farewell to one of the finest science fiction television series to ever grace my eye holes.
I just finished watching the series finale Unending, and for those of you who are wondering no spoilers, I promise, the episode, at least in my opinion, does the series justice.
Goodbye SG-1.
I'll miss you.
Check out this video montage of Downtown Litchfield!
This is actually going to be a very very fun story to tell, because it's a success story!
If you're  finding this blog post from a search of the web and are looking for help, this might actually also be what you're looking for!
Okay, here's the story.
As most of you who are reading this know, last week I was in California.
I was visiting my uncle there.
Well, while I was there, I fixed up his computers.
I cleaned up his newish shiny Sony Vaio uninstalled crapware and adware, installed and used a free spyware scanner, defragmented the hard drive, ran a virus scan, etc and cleaned literally took apart and cleaned with a vacuum, it was so freaking dirty an older computer, almost breaking it when I had plugged in a RAM chip 99% of the way.
I actually have to give my uncle mad props on the RAM chip thing, as he's the one who persuaded me to check and see if I had left anything undone inside the computer when it failed to start.
I pushed the RAM chip in as hard as I could, it slid in about a millimeter, and much to my embarrassment, I heard a small click.
Well so he's all happy with the fact that his laptop is no longer running as though through syrup, and that the old computer that had been so dirty had now been promoted to running as though through syrup as opposed to taking 10 minutes to boot windows 98, it now only took about 5-8.
He brings me a laptop that no one has apparently been able to get to even turn on, let alone work properly.
This is the beginning of a long story that, at many many times, came close to robbing me of my patience, and causing me to give up entirely.
My uncle said that, especially since the laptop was at the current time completely worthless to him without me fixing it for free, that I could have it.
The coolness of this is that if I fixed it, I would have earned myself a free laptop!
This is awesome no matter which way you slice it if you consider this: I had no laptop to speak of at all.
A broken laptop, even one with only 128MB of ram and a 300MHz processor, was still better than an imaginary one that I would only dream of being able to use.
This is where this story gets ridiculous to the point of hilarity.
So the first step was getting it to turn on.
Originally, my uncle couldn't find the cord going to the Vaio, so I used the power cable for the newer, shiny Vaio in its place.
I started up the laptop, it went into Windows 98, and about a minute after booting, it crashed.
Now, I've had things crash before.
I've had things hang, I've had things freeze, and I've had things simply just stop working and just beep at me until I do a hard shut down.
Of all of those, this has to be the most startling kind of crash the thing just shuts down.
Let me show you what I mean...this is jumping ahead a little bit in time, but I think you can connect the dots until I explain it a little later.
The first time it happened, I thought that maybe I had stepped on the powerstrip and turned it off, or had unplugged it or something at this point I had the battery removed from the laptop, after my uncle told me that it was dead.
Everything was plugged in.
Sidenote for fun the only time that I have ever seen something shut down in a stranger way was this:  I was installing some drivers on this current machine that I'm using now, in Windows XP Home Edition.
I was also listening to the Bungie Podcast on my iPod in a similar fashion as seen in my 360 tutorial, except the input source was a male-male 1/8″ cable from my iPod to my computer.
Suddenly, the computer shut down, but for some reason the sound card was still receiving a little power, or still had power, or something, because while everything was off, I could still hear the podcast, except softer.
It kept getting softer and softer until eventually becoming inaudible.
Freaky!
Okay so to make the video I just showed you make a little more sense, basically the laptop continues to shut down.
Time passes, and for some reason I believe that this may be a seperate problem, known colloquially known as hard drive failure.
SNAFU or FUBAR   the laptop stops booting Windows 98, and instead is now displaying the friendly error message Operating System not found.
This is about the point where I turn to your friendly neighborhood linux distribution Ubuntu.
I don't need to look at the minimum system requirements to realize that 7.
04 Feisty Fawn isn't going to work on such an old machine, so I use 6.
06 Dapper Drake instead.
Like you saw in the video above, it crashes, in the same way that Windows 98 did way back when the hard drive still worked...man those were some good times  .
Time passes...I discover that my problem is that of the apparently common Vaio Shutdown design flaw.
Now, I'm normally more of a software person than a hardware person, so please excuse me if I say something inaccurate, but from what I understand, due in some way to the processor or just the laptop in general receiving inconsistent power from the AC-cord, as well as the degradation of the parts inside of the laptop over time this laptop is extremely old, if you haven't already guessed the CPU inaccurately reads that it is overheating, and shuts itself down to avoid bad things happening example.
I looked far and wide, before eventually discovering something about turning off ACPI Advanced Configuration and Power Interface and APM Advanced Power Management.
This seemed to be the right way to go, but it didn't work with Ubuntu.
I decided that maybe it wasn't working because the OS was too heavy for the laptop, and so I searched for something smaller.
What I found was DSL; Damn Small Linux.
Damn Small Linux can be found here, for those who are curious about it.
It's an extremely small distribution of linux that takes up the smallest amount of resources imaginable.
I tried a live CD of DSL on the laptop, and it looked like it was working for a bit, but then it suddenly stopped.
There was much sorrow throughout the land.
I'll save you, dear reader, from taking you through the endless searching, failed attempts, and dead ends that I had to deal with while trying to fix this problem.
Eventually it was time for me to return home, and I took the laptop with me.
One of my slightly funny, yet actually probable fears was that I was going to be stopped by airport security and asked to turn the machine on to prove it was a laptop and not some kind of dust-covered laptop-shaped bomb with stickers from Hong Kong on it.
I tried more things.
I tried booting DSL from a floppy disk, thinking that perhaps the slow throughput of the floppy drive would prevent the machine from running very fast, thus preventing it from overheating.
I was wrong.
I had forgotten, perhaps, that this machine has managed to overheat in the BIOS.
Phht.
Yeah, right.
I mean you know how it is...changing the system date and time is such a resource hog.
Whatever.
More time passed.
I eventually came accross something involving the no-hlt command.
This apparently stops the laptop from being able to shut itself down, regardless of how hot it thought it was.
I was excited, and tried this with DSL.
No such luck.
I was thinking that maybe the command wasn't supported by DSL or something, so I tried it with Ubuntu 6.06
Yeah, it hung in the middle of booting, but it sure didn't shut itself down!
I tried using the command with DSL again, but it didn't work.
At this point I was trying this command line: boot: dsl noacpi apm=off acpi=off no-hlt with no success.
This was where I became very frustrated.
I tried other things, other operating systems, without success.
Yes, even more time passes, and last night I tried this command line, after seeing some of the options shown for DSL in the boot menu, and the way they were written.
I decided to try every iteration of the boot options that I could think of in the command line, and tried booting with this: boot: dsl noacpi noapm nohlt no-acpi no-apm no-hlt acpi=off apm=off hlt=off
It worked!
The only thing that I had to get past is that the hard drive is still not recognized by the laptop.
My current theory to explain this is that it's dead, or is in Spain for some reason.
No matter, as this is solved by a USB thumb drive!
Woot!
The lesson learned from all of this is simple:  Syntax matters.
There may not be a directory at /home/shaymus22/desktop, but there sure as hell is one at /home/shaymus22/Desktop
So, now I have a laptop!
Woot!
And I have photos!
Check out the flickr photoset by either clicking the image above or by clicking this link
I'll be back Sunday the 25th!
This webcomic was BSG themed.
I was thinking about it mainly because of one of my most favorite podcasts, Galactica Watercooler.
They've kept me from going insane in this aforementioned Drought of the one reason I haven't completely given up on television.
If you have no idea what BSG Battlestar Galactica is, it's a science fiction TV show unlike any that I've ever seen.
SciFi's page for it can be found here.
You can view a larger version of the comic here!
I downloaded the BioShock demo last night.
It took forever, and from what I understand, there were three servers allocated for the download.
Each could handle 1 million people at once,  and all three melted.
Like, into liquid.
I heard this from a friend of Horatio; I forget his title, but he works in the Xbox division at Microsoft.
Anyway, I set the demo to download, enabled background downloads, and shut off my 360.
This way, my console shut down everything but the hard drive and the network connection downloading the demo, and when it was done, it shut itself completely off.
The demo itself isn't very long.
It took me somewhere between 10 and 20 minutes to finish.
You get to use the shock and fire powers, as well as a wrench and a revolver.
I wasn't expecting much it is a demo, after all.
The graphics are incredible.
The water effects in this game are insane.
I've never seen anything as amazing as them.
This game looks better than Gears of War.
The lighting is superb, and the level design is different than what I've seen in games that I've played before.
The story is immersive, even in this short demo.
You start out as the victim of a plane crash, where you are the only apparent survivor.
You're in the ocean, and swim to a lighthouse-like building, where you enter some kind of pod and are plunged into what could be considered the second Atlantis.
I won't give too much of what little there is away, but this game has a very interesting plot.
Overall, I give the BioShock demo 4.
5 brains out of 5 brains.
Battlestations: Midway arrived!
I played the demo and liked this game a lot.
I think I'm going to hold on to this one for a while, because unlike that.
That, the achievements actually seem at first glance, anyway to be realistically attainable.
Either way, the multiplayer over XboxLive is a lot of fun.
Woot!
You've probably noticed the comic at the top of this page!
It's the proof-of-concept of something that I hope to do regularly!
I haven't decided on a schedule yet, but I'm thinking of doing a new comic at least once per week!
You can see a larger version of the comic here!
More info later explaining the comic to those who might not get it, but for now, I have to go to work!
Woot!
EDIT: The story that I'm having fun with in this comic is this one about the stupid NBC Dateline reporter who I would kick in the nuts if she had any.
I got an email today saying that Gamefly has shipped Battlestations: Midway.
Technically, it should get here somewhere between Saturday and Tuesday, but if it follows the trend of other games, it could arrive as late as Wednesday or even next Thursday.
I'm hoping that maybe, just maybe, they'll surprise me and the game will be here on Saturday, but I doubt it.
It came today, and it's scary as anything I've played!
I'm going to play it now!
When I was young, the world was a different place, at least for me.
Maybe it was the same for others, but I can't speak to that.
When I was a kid, before I went to school for the first time, the world was a wonderful place.
I was going to be friends with everyone.
It never entered my mind that anyone I knew would ever break the law.
America was the best country in the world, with the most freedoms, and the most money.
When I turned 16, I would get a car because when you're 16, you can drive.
I would get an electric car, because the environment is important.
I would help out my parents by taking cans and bottles to the dump to be recycled.
When I got older, I would go to the best college in the world because I would get straight A's.
After I graduated from college #1 in my class, I would marry the girl of my dreams and we would buy a house and have kids.
I would invent something amazing and we would become rich.
Then,  I would become president, and give food to poor people.
I would explain to all of the other leaders in the world how silly killing people is, and they would understand and everyone would be friends.
That is literally how my mind worked when I was a kid.
One by one, throughout the years, every single one of my beliefs has been proven wrong.
Every concept has turned out to be a misconception.
Most of the people that I'm friends with do at least one of the following things: steal, drink underage, smoke cigarettes underage, drugs, etc.
In fact, most of the kids in the school that I go to do all of those things.
Logically, one would think that the teachers would be some kind of a guiding influence, but this is not the case.
Incompetence in teachers at my school is so prevalent that even the hungover half-baked students that they're teaching notice it.
Teachers are lazy.
A lot of the time, some teachers don't have a clue what they're talking about.
Some teachers grade homework assignments as 100% if they get it passed in.
A lot of the students at my school don't bother to pass in their homework.
America is at war with an idea.
It sent in troops and invaded a country who's people didn't want them to be there.
The national debt is skyrocketing by the day.
Politicians lie, and cheat.
People manipulate the voting system so that they can vote more than once.
The government is spying on its citizens.
Suspicious people are sent to Cuba.
People in prisons are tortured.
Soldiers aren't receiving proper medical care.
People hate the president, and people are saying that the president should be impeached.
There was a hurricane, and people were left homeless, and it took days until help arrived.
Gas is expensive.
Cars are too, but are more expensive if you don't want to use gas, and want to try to stop the environment from heating even more, melting the polar ice caps, and causing more islands to disappear beneath the ocean.
Since gas is so expensive, we stopped going to the dump as often as we did, and a lot of people have done the same.
School turned out to be harder than it seemed at first.
We are all products of our environment, and to fit in I became like my friends.
The only thing that distinguished me last year from a stoner was that I've never used illegal drugs.
Also, it turns out that girls are a lot more complicated.
On closer inspection, it's a lot harder to do what you want to do and say what you want to say to someone that you care about.
Fear of failure can be more repelling than the worst phobias a person can have.
Everything is not the candy-covered sugar-coated fantasy that it once seemed to be.
The people you once thought you could trust can't be trusted.
The things you thought you could rely on are lies.
I guess this is part of growing up, but no one ever told me that my innocence would die.
One of my Gamefly games arrived: Rayman Raving Rabbids.
Unfortunately even though the email I received from Gamefly telling me that.
shipped arrived only 14 minutes after I had received the email informing me that Raving Rabbids had shipped it seems that I will have to wait until at least Monday to get it.
So far, I'm not particularly impressed.
The games, which originally were estimated to take somewhere between 2 and 4 days to be delivered, arrived 5 days after I was told that they had been shipped.
Now normally, I would attribute this to the US postal service, except that I was told within a 15 minute span of time that both games were shipping; they have not arrived at the same time, meaning, undeniably, that they were not shipped at the same time.
I'm hoping that this is not the normal way things go at Gamefly, but even if they are, it's not as if they make the games.
Regardless of how long something may take to be shipped to me, it's still the same game.
The experience of the actual game itself of playing it will not be affected unless I get a scratched disk, shudder by Gamefly in any way.
On the subject of game experiences, Raving Rabbids is fun...ish; it's a little childish.
I have the distinct feeling that I'm not the target audience.
Now, it's not as if I didn't know this: I originally planned to have it.
along with Raving Rabbids, so if I got tired of it.
I could play something more relaxed and still earn delicious Gamerscore.
Either way, like I said I'm eventually going to get it.
and I'm looking forward to it very much.
Now I'm going to soak in as much entertainment and relaxation as I can in the next 12 minutes before I have to get ready to go to work, gakk!
Yesterday, I purchased the HD DVD Player for the Xbox 360!
It recently had a $20 price drop, so I only paid $180 for it!
As an added bonus, if you buy it now, you also get 5 free HD DVD movies!
Wow, does that sound like a line from an advertisement, or what?
  Unfortunately, you have to mail in the form, and it also says to wait 8-10 weeks for processing.
I'm also kind of worried that it said to include the original UPC code, except that I wrote it down because it would have ripped off.
The only reason I give a flying crap is that I don't want to wait 4 months to be disappointed because I didn't file my form correctly.
Anyway, I got 300 on an HD DVD!
It's beautiful!
What's also very cool is that the HD DVD Player comes with this sweet remotethat glows when you press buttons on it
I'm definitely having fun with the HD DVD Player even within such a short amount of time.
The HD DVD Player also came with an HD DVD of Peter Jackson's KING KONG, but I prefer 300.
Well, my Gamefly games still haven't arrived.
I'm hoping that they get here by tomorrow Saturday, since otherwise I'll have to wait until Monday.
This would mean that I should according to the Gamefly site report a shipping problem since it would be 7 days since they were shipped.
I really hope that it just comes tomorrow and that it doesn't get complicated.
Well, no Gamefly today, but I do still have Marathon: Durandal on the 360 to play.
There is also this gem that makes me laugh just about every time I hear it.
That is the direct link to the mp3, but the page can also be found here.
Since the demise of this our customer, I personally have watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds of US$11.
3M Eleven Million Three Hundred Thousand United States Dollars which has been with our branch for a very long time.
On this note, I decided to seek for whom his name shall be used as the Next of Kin since nobody is coming for the fund again.
The Banking ethics here do not allow such money to stay more than 10 years, because the money will be
recalled to our Banks treasury as unclaimed fund after this period.
In view of this I got your contact through the Internet when I was making a research on a foreigner that I will use in this great opportunity because I don't want the money to be recalled to our Bank treasury as unclaimed fund.
I have also agreed to offer 40% of the total sum and the rest 60% will be for me.
The reason for a foreigner in the business is for the fact that the deceased man was a foreigner and it is not authorized by the law guiding our Bank for a citizen of this country to make the claim of the fund.
So the request for you as a foreigner to come into the business is necessary, it will facilitate the release and transfer of the fund smoothly into your reliable Bank account as the only surviving relation to the deceased.
If you are really sure of your integrity, trustworthy and confidentiality, and accept not to cheat or disappoint me after this business, reply with your telephone and fax numbers and Banking account details where you wish to receive the fund.
Upon receipt of the above mentioned information, indicating your interest in the business, I will send you by fax or e-mail a letter of application which you will type and send back to our bank to enable us start this transaction.
I will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is risk free and doesn't have any negative implication.
You should not entertain any fear as all modalities for the smooth and easy transfer of this fund have been finalized.
This transaction will be completed within 14 bank working days immediately we start the business.
Waiting for your urgent response and please kindly delete if you are not interested.
Regards,
Mr.
Adams   Leo.
African Development Bank
Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.
I think I've finally realized why I can't get up out of bed in the morning on weekends.
I'll be in bed and want to get up, but it won't happen until a significantly large amount of time has passed or if I'm significantly motivated to do.
Throughout my life, I've been controlled.
As I came to realize this, I resisted this control.
I was angry enough at the idea of being controlled that I resisted, but smart enough not to blatantly resist authority, in that I would twist things; just enough to satisfy my need to reject control, but just enough to be able to claim that I was following directions.
Very Poor Example: I'm asked to draw a picture of a bear.
My knee-jerk reaction is to draw a walrus, but instead I draw a picture of a bear in a business suit driving a car.
Slightly Less-Crappy Example:  I'm asked to stop tapping my desk with the tips of my fingers.
My first thought is to tap louder, pretending not to hear, but instead I tap a few more...one less than what would be considering open rebellion.
What I did was make myself unable to be controlled.
The problem that this caused was and I didn't realize this until now that this applied to me as well...not only are other people not able to control me, but no one can, myself included.
Is it possible to rebel against yourself?
...
How about another, better question:
Is it impossible to rebel against yourself?
No, it most certainly is not.
EDIT 1: Think about it this way...I twist thing.
Justify.
Explain.
Excuse.
I tell myself that it's not that I don't want to get out of bed, but that it's because I can't.
This, in a twisted way, is true, but not entirely.
I want to get out of bed, and can't, but because I'm preventing myself from doing so.
If you look at it that way, the whole thing really is false, because I don't want to get up at all.
When I get a writing assignment, I find it hard to work on it.
At least, that's how I think of it...that I have trouble doing work.
However, I think that what's important to note here is that on my own time, I've stayed up until 1 am 'working' on projects.
I've even literally asked myself the question as to why the same task is easier if I'm doing it of my own accord than if it's for school.
But I've wondered even more often why it's so hard to get up out of bed in the morning, when I'm the one giving the orders.
Now I know why.
And why even those things that aren't for school are so hard.
I rebel against control, even if it's me.
shoutout to Stephen King
Things like this lift me up from sadness when I'm down...I still don't know if I'm deeply sad or just sad on the surface, but things like this raise me up from 'Very Sad' to 'Sad', it makes me start to feel that I might be a bowl of ice cream away from happiness.
I received the following email today...it's one of the funniest and most cliché pieces of spam that I've ever gotten.
Enjoy!
Dear Friend,
I know that this mail will come to you as a surprise as we have never met before.
My name is  Mr  Adams     Leo.
I am the bill and exchange manager in African Development Bank.
I hope that you will not expose or betray this trust and confidence that I am about to repose on you for the mutual benefit of our both families.
I am writing in respect of a foreign customer of our Bank who perished along with his next of kin with Korean Air Line, flight number 801 with the whole passengers on 6th of august 1997 and for your perusal you can view this site
Something amazing just happened.
So I go to check the mail to see if my Gamefly games have come in.
The mail hasn't come in, but I went to check without shoes or socks on, so now my feet are dirty.
I decided to wash my feet in the tub in my bathroom.
I originally wanted to use my iTrip to listen to my iPod while washing my feet, but instead decided that the water was too loud, so I listened instead to my iPod with my headphones.
My iTripAt this point, the iTrip is still in my iPod, and I am listening to BuzzOutLoud, a podcast by CNET.
Suddenly, my iPod falls out of my pocket and into the water.
It was locked meaning that the buttons didn't do anything since it was in my pocket, so it didn't even stop playing.
It hit the water face down.
When I snatched it up, it was displaying this error message:
FireWire connections are not supported.
To transfer songs, connect the USB cable provided.
Press Center to dismissI'm naturally freaking out, pressing center and whatnot, completely forgetting that the iPod is locked.
Meanwhile, the podcast continues to play, although strangely, it is cutting off a couple times per second.
I managed to unlock the iPod, press pause, and get the headphones off of my head.
I had to press Center a bunch of times before unplugging the headphones and the iTrip and putting the iPod on the floor.
My iPod VideoI think that the iPod would have been a goner had it not been for the smaller miniUSB port in the iTrip to block out the water from getting into the huge port at the bottom of the iPod.
I'm just glad that I got a FireWire error message instead of a I'm scared Dave, will I dream?
 message.
Photos coming soon!
Bleh!
EDIT: check out the photoset by clicking the thumbnail below!
I'm pretty annoyed...Channel 10 told us about two major announcements coming.
The first was about the Xbox360 Elite...and the second was strongly rumored Look at #6 on the list of things to do while XboxLive is down...the THIRD bullet point has the number 117 in it to have something to do with Halo 3.
The second turned out to have to do with mobile phones.
Not about a mobile phone specifically, or about an OS for mobile phones.
Not about Live Anywhere on mobile phones, which if you stretched enough you could kind of see as deserving of being paired with the official announcement of the Xbox360 Elite.
No.
The announcement if you can even call it that at all was of a damn mobile phone web browser.
Wow...way to overhype and underdeliver I for one am pissed.
When I first saw the post, I refreshed the page again, looking for the real announcement.
It wasn't about being in denial, it was that I didn't even understand what it was that I had seen.
It was like this:
Hey, the announcement post is live!
It's a new mobile phone web browser!
Hahahaha.
Nice...no really, when is the announcement going to be posted?
EDIT: Apparently I was not alone in this respect
Way to go Channel 10...I hadn't heard of you before, but now I promise that I'll never forget you.
digg story
Major Nelson has shots of the now officially-released Xbox360 Elite!
see more | digg story
I made this list for all of those unfortunate people out there who are just starting to use a computer and the Internet now, and who are asking a lot of deceptively simple questions.
The next time someone comes to you asking why they should switch to using email to send messages instead of using the tried and true traditional way, just point them here and watch as comprehension dawns.
XboxLive is down for maintenance and will continue to be down until 2pm PST 5pm EST.
If you look at the linked screenshot of the official post about this, #6 says that one of the things that you can do while XboxLive is down is to brush up on March 27 history the THIRD listed historical event involves an earthquake that killed 117 people!
see screenshot | digg story
Read the other how my mind works posts to more fully understand this
When I was little, 6 years old in kindergarten in a private school that I left before first grade I was at a pool being chaperoned by someone who I now think of as a 18-19 year old kid Yeah, I'm only 17, sue me for thinking of those who are young as what they are.
I don't remember because I never was told his first name, but his last name was Graham; we the other kids called him Graham Cracker.
He didn't like being called that, thus resulting in us especially me calling him by it as often as possible.
One day, I called him Graham Cracker one time too many, and he snapped, yelling Shut up!
 at me.
Most kids my age 6 at the time would cry, some kids that age might run to someone they felt would protect them from the 'mean grown-up', but I didn't it was what I now know as my first moment of epiphany.
In that moment, I crossed from being an automaton to a sentient being.
In that moment that lasted hours upon days upon years upon decades, I gained self-awareness.
Mr.
Graham was no longer a 'grown-up': For the first time, I noticed his backpack by the side of the pool.
I noticed how much younger he looked than the other people at the school.
I suddenly saw him as who he was not a figure of authority who must be obeyed, not a 'grown-up' who told what must be done and set rules that must be followed but a person.
A kid, just like me, and the only difference between us being that he had been born before I was, and was bigger than me because of it.
He wasn't better, smarter, and hadn't been enlightened by some godly, heavenly knowledge.
He was a person, just like me.
In that moment that I would refer later on to as seeing behind the mask, I crossed from being an animal to being a person, one who was self-aware and sentient.
Today, I realized why I have the need to analyze and chew on things that have happened that I don't understand.
In some cases, if you follow the rabbit hole down deep enough, you find something that makes things make sense.
Until today, I didn't know why I needed to seek these moments of epiphanies.
What I now realize was a placeholder reason for needing these moments of epiphanies was that I wanted to find more knowledge...sure, the shoe fits, but it still seemed like a hollow answer flawed; wrong somehow.
It didn't feel right.
It made sense, but deep down, I knew it wasn't really the answer I was looking for.
Know Thy Self what is probably the most important and most famous philosophical statements in the history of man, written by Socrates.
Socrates believed that his fellow citizens were going through life without taking a look at themselves, what they were doing, or why they were doing it.
They would do things, and do them the way that they did them, simply because they had always been doing it, or because they were told to, by people who were equally unaware of their own blindness.
Today I uncovered why I need to have these moments of epiphanies although one of the reasons is to gain knowledge and understanding, it's not the main reason...the main reason is due to fear the fear of being blind; and not only blind, but blind to your own blindness.
If you take a look back at what I now know as my first moment of epiphany, you will see that what was gained was self-awareness.
I cringe at what my life would be like and what kind of person I would be like now if that realization had not occurred as it did, as early as it did in my life.
The deep fear that I have at my core is that there is some kind of window of opportunity.
Just like children easily learning a second language when they are very young, discoveries like this are probably easier when you are younger.
On the flipside of this, learning new languages when you are older is harder than it would have been had you attempted to learn the language when you were young.
If I look at what my life might have been like if that first moment of epiphany, that first, huge, important step hadn't occurred and cringe, I look at what huge realizations I might be missing if I don't strive for them.
The fear is that if I don't analyze, and instead let life fly by, I will never reach my full potential.
Just as I would have been different had that first moment of epiphany had occurred, I may end up being a lesser being that what I could be if I miss an opportunity to gain wisdom and understanding in the future.
My whole life, in the back of my mind, for some reason I've always had this expectation of a moment some day in which something will be said, something will happen, or something will be done that will make everything fall into place.
I thought about why this might be today, and what might have put this strange expectation into my mind, when I realized all of what you've just read above.
If I gained self-awareness the first time it happened, what might I gain the next time I have a moment of epiphany?
What if I don't hear those few words on the radio that start me thinking on a train of thought that will eventually lead me to wonderful and sudden understanding?
In a final thought, I want to say that just like concepts, when I have moments of epiphany and suddenly come to understand something, in a flash of realization, everything in my memory to which the new piece of knowledge that has been obtained can apply to flashes into my mind, and suddenly things make sense.
When I realized that Mr.
Graham was just a person instead of a godlike grown-up authority figure, I suddenly saw people for who and what they were...the principle wasn't necessarily smart, she just had a really big desk!
Teachers, adults, grown-ups, could all be wrong, just like me.
I think, therefore I am- Rene Descartes
I have discovered that I'm a deeply sad person.
Not sad as in pathetic, but sad as in depressed.
I don't know what to think of this, as I've always thought of myself as a mostly happy person.
However, tonight it suddenly struck me...underneath it all is a low drone...a buzzing in the background that has been there so long it is unnoticed.
I have the following reasons to doubt this discovery:
I have the following reasons to believe this discovery:
I've sent links to the website to many of my friends, but no one else sees this but me.
Also, I haven't gotten a single referral from wordpress...this is fishy.
Just like my lunch.
Shenanigans, I say!
An extended rant of my thoughts on the Channel 10 debacle is now available in the auditory variety.
You can read the first rant here
You can listen to it either by clicking the link below or by clicking this link.