now is the sandwich of our discontent
image of the year
I know a dead giraffe when I see one, says the president
But, sir, this is a photo of... you!
the president rubs his eyes, but the image does not change
P: IN IN IN COLD IN IN IN HELP IN IN IN!!!
I’m abandoning The Cool Guycare for Bidencare. Everyone gets a sixer of Natty Light, 2 copies of Hustler from 1978 and a VHS copy of Caddyshack.
This Donlald guy is really starting to, bother me
I looked at the news for 5 minutes and read some comments and without exaggerating I can say that I am in a state of horrified shock.
Best name???
Good morning, little cat
There it is. 
I can't figure out how to believe this is real.
I love doing a, physically violence
They  should  bring  back  pogs
me, looking at any of my wife's digital things 
Me: This isn't what I like 
changes thing 
My wife, later: What
burdened by guilt? confess your crimes anonymously:
Worms: Nature's pasta
Sorry, I can't come into work today
Easter Island Body Boys
ROY BATTY: You pieces of poo. I've seen... heckin.... glittering beams
bakes a pecan out of a bong new year, new me.
Turns out the Golden Gate Bridge is just made out of a bunch of trash metal—disappointing!
If anyone asks you how your holidays were you can literally just start barking, there's no law against it
getting acoffee
i am.. casting a wide net per se over many.., unexplianed phenomena, in order to find, the bakeing gun
ANGRY NEIGHBOUR: Are you loudly watching Attack Of The Clones?
I’m OBFUSCATED by my RETICLE!
AH YES I HAVE ALL THE MIDDLE AGED HUMAN HEALTH PROBLEMS
youve come to right place , stranger.
the human mind... perhaps the most powerful weapon. second only to the GUN
doesn't know why everyone is chanting KILL KILL KILL Haha yeah kill
so my dad gave the squirrels Joemas presents
meals the ultimate snacks
my son is large
RT if u want to have a pride parade inside the vatican
A wizard gazes out at the moon and stars
Wizard: this gives me an idea for a hat
TOOT TOOT
if you cant handle me at my bit by a radioactive lobster u dont deserve me at my using lobster powers to help u gain custody of your son
I DON'T SPEAK MCDONALD
No more for me, please
interviewer: so what makes you think you'd be good at checking tickets at our cinema?
me: picks up my résumé and rips it a little bit
I want a lady in the streets and a lady in the sheets and 2 ladies flanking the east tower. Hold for my signal. We're gonna get that guy
People to panhandlers: Get a job, you lazy bum
People to ducks: Who has free bread for you? Is it me? Yes, it is
walking in park
date: impress me
me: i can talk to animals
date: prove it
me: to duck hecko you hecking duck
SHIET
No one can stop me from dressing up as Santa, going to the mall, and yelling at the mall Santa that I'm the real one.
the worst side effect of alcohol is probably bad posture
my pen glides across my final exam. it breaks thru the paper, then thru the desk. i roar, shattering the windows. i tear the desk in half
Cats hate moving
screaming at Weird Al
THOSE AREN'T THE WORDS
Know your emojis! Guest post from the wonderful
have a nice day , all animal lovers
love you all
i'm not trying to be an ass it just happens automatically
My self driving car crashes into the amazon go store, aisle after aisle of destroyed canned goods are automatically added to my order
voldemortsbicep i'm so sorry but this was truly perfect
Just talked to Tim Allen and the rumors are true - Jungle 2 Jungle prequel is a go. Working title: Jungle 1 Jungle.
my kindness is NOT weakness. my patience is NOT permission to be cruel. my shoes ARE glow in the dark but i only found out AFTER i got them
i baked my d.a.r.e. t shirt
Slightly bummed to find out the secret elevator at IKEA just goes to heck.
what kind of pokémon is this
 curb your enthusiasm theme plays 
the year is 3403 AD, crime is legal and cop's are illegal, only one man is willing to break the law to make the law legal again: Crimecop
Date: Whats your favorite book?
Elfangor: Hahaha
This is best piece of Superman art I've seen in a long time, made by Brakken
I’m OBFUSCATED by my RETICLE!
Sometimes I open Uber just to watch the little cars drive around
Creating an underpainting for a solar flare effect.
From Casein Painting in the Wild: 
this Yahoo Answers page gives me life
I— sir, I do not recollect. I do not believe I own a— a computer, or the relevant mechanism that would be required,
Love 2 know: Facts
I already tweeted this at friends but I'm still laughing so here it is again
Alright naa
sometimes I feel like when I die I'll wake up surrounded by aliens and they'll asked me what I learned about humans
The devil is real, and he doesn't wear prada. He wears business formal.
Just helping my mommy With laundry!!!!
I put the toil in toilet
He's always gonna be right here waiting for us, deleting all the pasta.
The single best pic to come out of this election lol
I love voting because it combines my two passions: Standing in line, and filling in small ovals with a golf pencil.
Week 4: You know how you feel! What you know! What you LOVE! TIME TO MAKE ART ABOUT IT! NO FEAR! JUST TRUTH! FINAL EXPRESSION!
Don't forget to fall back.........into the open arms of Joe
Soylent would be a lot better if it didn't taste like liquid old people
macklemore's funeral
mother: sobbing if only he'd mackled less
priest: we tried to warn him
what it'd look like if only Tim Buckley voted in the election
a social justice warrior said if my hand is bigger than my face it means i have cancer. i was disproving his theory when he attacked me
One time, Brock Lesnar ate the word ham and no one could use it for, like, a month.
Gallant adds a pinch of salt for taste. Goofus pours salt in a circle, raises his palms to the moon, and awaits the unholy transformation.
HORES: I LIEK THEM
You like Donald the president? Name 3 of his albums
love 2 b a cis white male US citizen in 2016...
The famous Chicago-style pizza that we all know and love
hey cap’n crunch S my D. Slake my Desire, for a sweet and crunchy breakfast
L: You know what the punishment is for committing perjury?
ME lips on the mic Much less than murder
Im pretty sure 4000 years of war and bloodshed were leading up to this
computer run denim simulation
 welcome to denim_simulation please make a selection wear, wash, eat
eat
i won't afraid of no ghost
When clowns first attacked these shores nobody took it seriously. It's just one boat, how many could there be, they said.
my wife
ready to log in
ATTENTION PATRIOTS: HILLARY IS PLANNING ON PUTTING YOUR GUNS THROUGH THE WASH TO SHRINK THEM
Hetero: through sobs you can't just say everyone is friendly.... Please....
Me: points at seagull flying past friendly
When the serotonin reuptake is selectively inhibited 
No gods
No kings
Why am I not asleep? he thought, while shining a beam of pure information directly into his eyes from eight inches away.
Me: handing gf an avocado have a cado!
Gf: arms full of avocados firstly, stop saying that, secondly, we don't need this many
Me: have a
When you accidentally turn the front facing camera on
Beautiful - this is what the election map would look like if everyone voted in order to try to spell out LOL
quoth the raven
raven has headphones in, glares at me
...uh nnothing, quoth the raven nothing. the raven doth not quoth
if you check behind shower curtains for murderers remember to also check under the toilet lid, a bathroom murderer's 2nd favorite chill spot
Coming out at work tomorrow. I never asked for this.
give me back my son
How will you protect my job as a card in Guess Who? talks
My mother said I would not get a good relationship between my cat and my dog
The pi
I'm watching the talk and it makes me want to kill myself talk
I'm clapping so much my hands hurt
For starters, you drew your mom the same size as the house. Good enough for the fridge? I don't even want it in my garbage.
if your grave doesnt say rest in peace on it you are automatically drafted into the skeleton war
Legend tells us of a man who continually stays wet, no matter the weather, the time of day or his mood. This man is known as The Wet Man.
Tiger Woods: cool name, scary place
The weeniest Hallow.
Why? What have you heard?
Launching a Kickstarter for my found footage horror movie Back Into heck, filmed entirely with a car reversing camera
Did you know the word acknowledgments breaks down into five different words, some of which aren't even words?
Welcome. Welcome to City 17. You have chosen, or been chosen, to relocate to one of our finest remaining urban centers.
we deserve this
like 100% watching this talk is bad for your actual health
Bob Ross: draws a branch 
me: nice 
Bob Ross: draws second branch cause everyone needs a friend
me: holding back tears nice
dog_rates vine I'm starting with the dog in the mirror. I'm asking him to change his ways
not sure if i caught her or she caught me
Endless shrimp at Red Lobster. A finite amount of love, money and intimacy at home
Jesus Joe the son of God god is the dude that runs heaven said that I'm a shoe in for going to heaven when I croak
plant facts!!
bananas are technically berries
almonds are seeds
avocados are mammals
most cucumbers are haunted
potatoes aren't even real
i've asked 17 people at work and not a single person knows what IDK stands for
You're welcome, Internet
Sears: Wait for my sign, then begin the Sears revolution.
Employee: How will I know what the sign is?
Sears: You'll know when you see it..
Yeah i'm born again.. ever since i started thinking about bread as a perishable, high-calorie napkin
whispering seductively into sleeping wife's ear I tried to dry out an old leather glove I found in the park and lit the house on fire
kid: why am i called Misty?
me: because it was misty the day you were born
kid 2: so why am i called Guac?
me: it was taco tuesday
My recipe for iced coffee is simple - pour a hot cup of coffee and let it sit. I made mine at 9:30 and it's ready now. Tastes like poo
Celebrating National Video Games Day by shifting the boob size slider to maximum on my customisable RPG character
There is a very very small bug on the screen of my phone. hecko, little bug
I like guitar
So about that time I joked to Arbys about sending me a golden hat...
What a hecking narcissist
as a kid, if i misbehaved my dad would come into my room and shoot me in my head with a real gun, killing me. it made me a stronger person.
HE'S BACK
You kids turn off that super game boy and go
someone: explains something
me: oh okay I understand that makes sense!
narrator: but they did not understand and it did not make sense
Pastabot 2000 attempts to hand me another bowl of pasta Jesus Joe not now Pastabot
drive thru I'll have seven big macs please, or, just one biggest mac.
Tell em you're gonna support em on whatever makes them happy then when they do it doubt their choices and shame them
my wife is cool
man with accordion approaches girl at bar
Accordioningly to me, it looks like you need a drink
girl transforms into bird and flies away
Liquor before beer, you're in the clear. Moon exploding before light pours from your grandmother's amethyst, just as the prophecy foretold.
This is just a sampling of the exciting text conversations I have with my wife.
Yess
 pls observe this Small Thing
That Guy wipes makeup off in a White House mirror. "I am weak," he admits to himself.
An aide rushes in. "Sir! North Dakota has disappeared."
When it reigns cats and dogs
This one will be a bad man to look at, and he'll be bad to see, and take in with eyes.
That Guy bites into a Big Mac. But all food tastes like sulfur to him now. "Sir, every dog in the U.S. just committed suicide," says an aide.
help i can't stop watching this
Ready for snacks!
This cat cam was the best financial investment we've ever made.
i just watched the first 2 episodes of black mirror and it's kind of stupid but im also going to watch all of it
If an asteroid hit the earth right now, I think a lot of us would just shrug.
you won’t believe what you can do on an iphone: cut someone’s face off revealing jam inside
biden: im honored u entrusted me w this but i dont know how to get to Mordor
The Cool Guy: joe ur not-- u know what i dont either but u have my axe
It's super easy not to move after the tenth hour
If I can lay here until 9 it will be a smooth 24 in bed 
  "Great clown weedhitler is on Twitter tonight. Go and see her. That should pick you up."
"But doctor. I am weedhit
 I will alert the Knights
crying
when does a retreat become a compound
i need a gamefaqs for how to be more rootin tootin
I make fun of Reddit a lot but the people there are pretty cool and normal
me: [eating bowl of soup at strip club]
dog vs. glass table ft. treats
"man this essay is taking forever"
Horrible noises emitting from my body at knife dad's background story
bugs are free to eat
ME: *opens passenger door*
DATE: aww that's sweet...you don't have to do that
ME: yah I do, *climbing in* the driver side door is broken
SATURDAY NIGHT TURN UP
"Buy stocks in racism and xenophobia!"
if you witness the death of a clown you are legally obligated to make the sad trombone noise with your mouth
  no but in your case you're stealing valor.
Just recorded an episode of our sports podcast and it turns out I had some sincere misconceptions about the rules of American football
*calls finite cops* yes I need you to stop a crime
Finite cops: look we can only do so much
I hope Donald That Guy gets stuck on a luggage carousel at an airport and is unable to serve as president
I'm in the unfortunate position of getting a haircut while concealing that I'm desperately holding in a diarrhea
With my health insurance probably going away I can't take anymore risks, so bike riding is heretofore replaced with helmet wearing
ME: Hey want to try banal sex?
HER: You mean you want to try anal sex.
ME: Hm, maybe. Will I still get a look at your banus?
"I know a dead giraffe when I see one," says That Guy
"But, sir, this is a photo of... you!"
That Guy rubs his eyes, but the image does not change
i'm petting a good boy in a park, that's all
Hi. While you are screwing men very beautiful white women, I am playing my recorded prayer asking God to destroy you &  put you in heck.
Whatever ugliness happens in the future, I'm happy I got to witness this moment of brotherhood and beauty.
Lazy Saturday. Ave Satanas.      … 
"Daddy will the celebs come back for us?" I look up at the stars. "There weren't never no celebs you hear me? Never." We're both crying.
it's not actually an apple what the screw are you doing
There are no cats in America
That Guy: Are you the French Ambassador?
French Ambassador: Oui oui
Hahaha I just got this really loud bell and I'm ringing the everloving crap out of it
the new healthcare plan is everybody gets 50 tylenol at birth. those are your tylenol. use them whenever or however you want.
I couldn't use my phone for 3 hours while it updated and in that time I became a doctor.
i hope the hd rumble feature can fully convey the disappointment in mr resetti's voice as a constantly reset to torment him
 revisionist gendered political  philosophy erotica - what my driver used to play up front.  Good guy, we didn't talk that much
the time for us tiny handed people has finally come
"A-B-C, easy as 1-2-3". actually the Alphabet contains only 26 letters, whereas there are over 1,000 times as many numbers. Thus,
When you see how good the ink looks in Splatoon for Switch.
pilotwings 69
What happens when work let's me print signage Pt 1
There Will Be Blood (2007)
i'm going to first hear about a nuke being dropped while on twitter aren't i? like in less than a year? i hate this dystopian nightmare
Me, later, in the bathroom: my hubris has cursed me
judge: "you have chosen to defend yourself, is that correct?"
me: [muffled from inside full suit of armour] "that's correct"
Doc: what's the problem
Me: [I open my mouth & millions of spiders pour out]
Doc: [Tries to speak but his mouth is now filled with spiders]
 Flirk Kispart
 he'll play a mournful kazoo solo to greet the dawn
everyone taking That Guy to task for the pee thing like we don't all like to get peed on & pee on our bros & drink pee & carry pee in a thermos
Vape Ape. Hahaha oh man.
you guys hear about this pee pee thing
The scariest part about this is that a lot of people aren't even scared.
Uhhh...?
mom, dad let me introduce you to my bf, Eric Warheim
LOL HE SAID LEAK AND PUT IT IN QUOTATIONS I'M 34 
That Guy: im gonna tweet about the water thing
advisor: just dont put anything in quotation marks people can make fun of
The first step in every cannibal cookbook is to wash your hands
Good morning, little cat
I'd like you to meet my son…
donald, you do not need russian prostitutes. I will water on you, for free, right now. Whenever you need, I can and will water on you
i had an 80% kill participation soldier game tonight. the gods briefly controlled my mouse and I ascended to the astral plane
i'll bite: what's water?
Slowly changing in wow tanking from "I'm nervous I'm gonna wreck it" to "lol hold my beer"
i'm done with smashing ancient amulets. all its ever brought me is bad luck
The Cool Guy: Science and reason matter 
That Guy: *4 years of horrible dial up sounds mixed with DJ air horns*
I hopped off twitter for a few hours and was honestly unprepared for all the sadness & water jokes I returned to
The Cool Guy come on stage. "Pee pee, pee and poo poo" him say
Before Twitter explodes, just take a moment to enjoy the trending topics
*That Guy about to be executed for treason*
Warden: any last words
Today we have been showered with 2017's first gift
hey uh maybe lets look at this That Guy story data first and be wary of jumping to conclusions. statistically theres a very significant p-value
anyone surprised by the recent news obviously hasnt seen this That Guy quote from 1997
how many parents are gonna have to sit down their kids and explain theres nothing wrong with a water fetish but you shouldnt commit treason
Loving the gritty redesign that they've given the Michelin Man
“Cupcakes? Try me.” said .
“OK,” replied the Sonic Twitter.
if you can't handle me at my mp3, you don't deserve me at my FLAC
Meet Wafer. He represents every fiber of my being. 13/10 very good dog
this is why i love twitter
so sick to death of these Hollywood elites with their furry paws and cute noses fetching our sticks
text from my estranged father
well well well... it seems that the hunter has become the hot dog
 sending link now
i'll bet most words are just trombone spelled different
was having a nice calm/chill night and then hop on overwatch and end up telling multiple people they should've been aborted
Crow's feet!? I want the whole leg!
mini metro is currently making me EXTREMELY mad at cairo. why are your trains so small cairo
*attaches a crapload of harmonicas to the front of my car*
4th length of thread.
theory: covering up the weights with towels when lifting (aka "schrodinger's rep") makes your gains equal to the weight you imagine it to be
You think social media is free? In all the TIME I spend browsing SM, I could've purchased several  from  for my LOVED ONES
this is what I ate when I had to save my best friend from the lake during the triwizard tournament
there's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do
meme
[stone cold steve austin voice] oh heck yeah!!!!
Puppy: WHAT IS?
Me: Snow
P: WHAT DOES?
M: Gets old fast
P: GO PLAY?
M: Knock yourself out
*waits*
P: IN IN IN COLD IN IN IN HELP IN IN IN!!!
A moist rowlet
ah new york city...the big apple and los angeles...the city of apples.. but don't forget chicago...the windy apple
what the screw
Holy crap the two talking Google Homes just Rickrolled everyone.
gonna pet that dog
Alien taking my form: KILL HIM HE'S AN IMPOSTER
GF: [shoots Alien]
Me: how'd u know it wasnt me?
GF: I saw u mouthing "I wish someone would"
gang! tonight I ran over half a mile without stopping!!! I had to stop a few times on the way back but I ran over a mile in total tonight!
The internet: one of america's most "online" things®
Smuggling my dog back to college.
watching an overwatch asmr ear licking video with like 6 other people in complete silence was an ethereal experience
Tupac wore leather overalls and we all just let it happen. 1996 was a screwed up time.
Hey there whippersnappers, cut out the crime! Wanna see my dick get bigger?
a happy ending
when your game crashes mid-screenshot and you're dedicated to the content
grapes,  nature`s fruit .
After much debate I decided to add my grandma on Facebook so my friend count will rise
don't be sad
RT for a chance to win "Dinner With Karate Horse" where we will eat the famous meal: salads
Like I always say, you can't make an omelette without breaking six dozen eggs
One thing I'm craving on this cold winter night is a steaming hot beer
I think society has Jumped the Shark
My coworker came up to me crying because he accidentally sent our boss a photograph of one of his turds which "looked like it had arms"
The positive self image I'm setting for myself this year
People say the movie E.T. is a classic but he entered the country ILLEGALLY and also wore a child's dress! Not good!
*wife returns home to find house overflowing with marshmallow fluff*
ME:*drowning* I suppose you're gonna blame me for this
DID YOU EVER FEEL LIKE THE UNIVERSE WAS TRYING TO GET RID OF YOU
hey man sorry I haven't done that favor yet I been real busy sitting motionless in the dark wondering how anybody could ever love themselves
For such a famous and respected book Catcher In The Rye is really thin! Very very flimsy!
I have loaded up on salty pork and can now screw
Good morning everyone except Skrillex
ROY BATTY: You pieces of crap. I've seen... screwin.... glittering beams
I wish Ghandi would feed his cat.
100%
how do they all stand so still on the holiday christmas overwatch main menu.. what is their secret
New Year's Resolutions
1. Boop more shnoops
2. See more floofs 
3. Increase pettings by 15%
4. Pet a dog in a different car while driving
Here's hoping that That Guy doesn't win the presidency again in 2017
Personally I like 2016 and I'm staying here
Alex Jones is like if every crazy uncle and illuminati conspiracist on earth amalgamated into a single being.
If anyone asks you how your holidays were you can literally just start barking, there's no law against it
IM COMIN OUTTA MY CAGE AND LET ME BACK IN MY CAGE
Turns out the Golden Gate Bridge is just made out of a bunch of trash metal—disappointing!
*mists a pecan out of a bong* new year, new me.
It's getting dark, mused Poldark darkly. He looked at the darkening sky and darkly stalked into the darkness
todd & aaron is such a breath of fresh air in these crap filled game of the year lists. madden 17 forever
Each tweet contains 90 calories
I've got so many muscles I don't even know what to do with them
 HE FAILED NORMAL HUMAN MANNERISMS AT STARFLEET ACADEMY AND I WAS UPSET
 holy crap did I actually get hacked four years ago
Ugh! Never eat literal human crap after you've just brushed your teeth. Tastes terrible.
Challenge accepted
A bluetooth speaker in my pocket playing Here Comes Your Man as I fall down 58 flights of stairs and into a waiting hearse
hmmm...i wonder if anyone who follows me....is friendly *mentions column catches on fire*
getting acoffee
I'm so high, Just had an edible (it was the eurcharist, I'm high off the BODY of god)
when youve finally killed the last witness
PRIEST: The couple has chosen to write their own vowels
HER: Shouldn't it be -
HIM: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
[New Years Glasses Co.]
EXEC: 2000-2009 were the best years, the two zeroes made perfect eyeholes
CEO: Then the 1 came in & screwed it all up
"Just as I had hypothesised Watson, this is indeed a branch."
like an authentic cowboy, today I drove out to farm country and spent most of that time yelling, "holy crap, it's a screwing horse!"
 Constantly and with unwavering eye contact
the easiere it is to admit u are wrong, the greater ur abilitey is to change and grow, whiche is why i, recomend, Low Self-Confidence™
Hi I'm Grimace, and I'm here to beat ass. I'm sex Grimace.
party like it's 2003
dear products, why the screw would you change the look of your packaging without changing the same great taste as well
so nice to see famileys spendimg time together over the holidays
do you have to smile during sex
I've tried peering at it, I've tried squerking at it. I've had enough, biffing time!
who's america's most admired nb? that's right: it's me
ANGRY NEIGHBOUR: Are you loudly watching Attack Of The Clones?
ME: Nah
AG: Are you lying about loudly watching Attack Of The Clones?
ME: Ya
I’m OBFUSCATED by my RETICLE!
they've found almost every dragon ball 4 episodes in. how does this series drag on for 20+ years
[to an inflatable tube man waving outside a car dealership]
i feel like you're overreacting. these are moderate savings at best
gonna start eating cigs in 2017 so i can finally accomplish my dreams of looking cool and dying
beepbeep
comedian with twin desert eagles absolutely DESTROYS heckler
 here is ur personal reminder: : dont forget to listen to a song that helps inspire you please! i love you!!
  bonjour
14) I GOT FRIGGIN ENGAGED TOO MY WONDEFUL WIFE  !!!!!!!!!!!!
Whoever made this should be arrested
youve come to right place , stranger.
Love to chat about workouts with my fellow men, naked in the shower, water trickling down our flaccid dicks like a mighty river.
I am hesitant to share this.
[ted talk]
did you know that "urinated" is short for "ur in a ted talk"
haha just a little urology humor but seriously let's talk about water
ME:*has an enjoyable human interaction*
BRAIN: actually, it was bad, and here's why
lads, it's time for my smol man to screw. i will die trying to get my nut in this here camp
New science discovery proves your brain is just 13 hamsters and they screwing hate you
Gonna put you in this prison toilet, cause that's what you are, you're a stink-man. Garbage boy. Garbageboy Stinkman.
lady: omg your puppy is so cute whats his name
me: laser guardian
the human mind... perhaps the most powerful weapon. second only to the "GUN"
: dont forget to breathe please
this is the stupidest thing i've ever laughed at
Rest mode
maybe all these celebrities dying off will give americans a more healthy attitude about death ahh, wait no, they are just mad at a year now
 Th ank
Why does nobody want to be in my private xmas chatroom?
Look at these coasters  got me
*unsheathes sword* I'll keep the remaining celebrities safe!!
"Why?" -- my stomach
THIS YEAR HAS BEEN VERY RUDE
seasons greetings my parents have stopped at the side of the road for the last 20 minutes to take pictures of a rabbit
meals the ultimate snacks
hot girl: im so clumsy haha
me: the boeing 757 features a conventional tail & a supercritical wing design for reduced aerodynamic drag
Wow just managed the famous double own where I concentrated too hard on playing guitar, drooled onto the guitar and a fly went in my mouth
Merry Christmas  I love friendship & I love a good shave !
Gave phone to my grandpa to take a nice family photo and he somehow managed to throw it across the kitchen while taking said picture
. Her reaction to this video is priceless
I read this out loud to Nate and ze is threatening to throw me out of the moving car
so my dad gave the squirrels christmas presents
so my grandpa passed away tragically about a year ago and my aunt got my sisters a teddy bear that has a recording of my grandpas voice
my son is large
I think I ate some bad dirt during last nights dirt binge.
my yeasty son
heard a dude angrily correct a teen retail worker who said happy holidays and the kid said "whats... christmas???" shoutout 2 u sassy teen
STEAM: an item from your wishlist is on sale!
ME: please i have a family to feed
Before cops used handcuffs they just put your hands in their pockets.
lol
feliz navidog
also in the second pic here you can see the outline of her wing buds. 2-4 more molts and she will be a whole big grownup with wings!
butt tip is a technical term
Someone call Sir Mix-a-Lot
look at this who ate a waxworm more than half her size today
hlello is I,, gingerbredmen. decortate me with frodsting lot of it a lot.
It's time to start a new oblivion campaign, gimme a kiss sugar
This speaks to me...
i'm festive~
As a prominent venture capitalist , I'm pleased to receive this honor!
*A wizard gazes out at the moon and stars*
Wizard: this gives me an idea for a hat
And all of us over here at Christianity hope than when you're choosing a deity this holiday season, you'll consider our baby wizard
considering that all i do is drink wine and eat tacos and maybe run once a week it's sort of a miracle,
sippin that yellow goodness
He took the midnight train going anywhere
if you cant handle me at my "bit by a radioactive lobster" u dont deserve me at my "using lobster powers to help u gain custody of your son"
: remember to take a quick break to play some music that grounds you please
[my weiner falls off my body, into the toilet] ugh mercury must be in retrograde again
TOOT TOOT
10 years ago today. 
momentarily forgot this was the first pic in my camera roll when opening it up to look for hair references earlier. never swiped so fast
That it’s almost the freakin holiday weekend feeling
Well that's all there is to it, I refuse to vote for That Guy
Put the water back in watermas
Me, as a falconer. Big leather glove, regal posture, but on my arm is a drone.
12 YEAR OLD: I wrote a movie script called Suicide Squad but it's bad *throws in trash*
HOLLYWOOD PRODUCER: *walks by trash* Hey what's this
you guys ever hear my theory about bigfoot? reason he has big feet is because he's just plain big
hey tweety bird. you say it "I thought I saw a pussy cat" you screwing , screwing idiot. you moron of screws
Blizzard: the gorilla does science & talks
People: cool
B: this lady can hack machines AND people
P: ok
B: one character is friendly
P: WHAT
did you train hard for the egg eating , do you have any tips for aspiring egg eaters?
I love Tracer's new Christmas skin.
[Starbucks meeting]
ME: Sorry I'm "latte" haha
BOSS: Aren't you the guy we fired for biting a customer
My Prized Walking Fish:) 
Rockin' around the obelisk.
I have eaten soooooo much cookie dough
*warbled into scotch glass between sobs* we’ve got laughs from coast to coast, to make you smile
[swallowing microphone] The flan  emoji made the cut 
When nog is your only friend
Thick
steaming 
beans
My girlfriend is cheating on me with the Aflac duck. I'm happy for her.
Cat Prez Candidate 1: I swear to show my butt with staggering frequency
Cat Prez Candidate 2: My hair will be in your mouth at all times
[farmers only dot com theme song plays as i struggle to buckle the straps of my too tight overalls and hurt my finger pretty bad]
excuse me . is there any reason you insist on serving drinks in cups? bad for the environment ! sell drinks loose please
I love dogs. heck I love cats! but one thing I don't love is  . America runs on dunkin's!
Sorry.
When i was a boy we were raised to have integrity and wisdom. Now kids are all about just "hitting dabs", "the 1s and 2s" and "scoring poon"
GOOD NEWS: The afterlife is real
BAD NEWS: If u are gamer u go to underground Mario level with the turtles u can't jump on
Bored?  Scroll back to January 1st on people's Facebook profiles, read their resolutions and reply with, "How's it going?".
Hmm. I'm missing something here.
the worst side effect of umm is probably bad posture
(extremely nerds voice) kiss be
SHIET
ROBBER: *enters bank w/ gun* Everybody be cool!
[everyone puts on sunglasses & starts eating]
ME: I know the tweet is bad, just like it pls
PLENTIFUL AND SKRUNCHY! 
On the first day of Holidus,
The Magi gave to me:
The power to control the arcane
water heck: it’s a special heck for your pee.
and lo, the wise men brought jesus three gifts, of gold, frankincense, and Titanfall 2: the critically acclaimed fps in stores now
*licks candy cane into a shank, uses it to open another candy cane*
its hard to start projecbts.. its aslo hard to finish projecbts.. but once u get to the midle parts, thats also hard
I don't trust this grinch fella
People b captioning their Instagrams with my lyrics
Sad that Nicholas Cage spent all that time looking for the National Treasure when the true treasure was inside him all along.
remember when everyone was worried we'd reached "peak TV" with too much to watch then it turned out we're a tragic nation of unending racism
Its that wonderful season where I call Target to ask if their world map shower curtains acknowledge Israel & get mad no matter what they say
9pm Taco Blel time
it's friday!! melt those screwing pig masks my dudes
Guys, I hate the US so much that it doesn't really matter to me if Russia is our new boss or whatever
Pinocchio's nose grows when he lies and his dick grows when he's horny
having a rager friday night drinking red wine and watching romcoms in bed who UP
Alcohol on sorry
Nate's phone is dead I'm tweeting thins asc. A PSA
 there is still way more work to do but i still cant believe this is happening and yay! okay bye
Cats hate moving
: please take a quick break to listen to some music that helps inspire you
We are at my office party and I'm drunk as heck BUT I just won a raffle prize: I think it's a hotel stay. I'm dunk
three hundred thousand people died from umm poisoning in Massachusetts yesterday.  1st day it was legal WTF!!!
GUYS I THINK YOU GOT IT BACKWARDS
maybe if i encounter enough water on public toilet seats i'll become a toilet
Russia Russia China Russia China. The United States Russia China Russia, but Donald That Guy China Russia.
This idiot was trying to make a racist announcement and this guy kept yelling NOOOOO in his face lmao
my wife believes dad humor comes from the need to censor yourself around children... but I believe it comes out of my mouth
I KNOW HOW TO DRIVE A CAR 
I CAN PRESS ALL THE BUTTONS
I AM AWARE OF THE WHEEL
DO NOT EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THE RADIO I LOVE THAT THING
There's only gonna be two hits... the coffee hitting my lips and me hitting the toilet seat 5 minutes later
Please watch this until the end.
being horny is one of my worst fears
I got temporarily banned from one poker site so I've been using another one for a while
any sufficiently advanced form of french fry becomes indistinguishable from a potato wedge
 only the finest ingredients 
 both are me
Please pray for my Aunt Meredith, who has lost everything in an email blast
(detective voice) aint nothin sweeter than a good clue
first thing I did when I got this knife was cut an apple in half in a feat of strength. now I have 7 girlfriends
Who would have believed that the perfect Wikipedia photo caption could have been improved upon?
I DON'T SPEAK MCDONALD
one of my favorite nasa technologies is outer space
Another weekend ruined by consciousness.
Ok a Planet of the Apes that's even FURTHER in the future. An ape comes to a human planet, and finds a monkey statue of liberty or something
Something to think about
when guy fiery eats a big hamburger
Too much fog in x files episodes